{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1561\cocoasubrtf610
{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 TrebuchetMS;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;\red10\green80\blue125;\red255\green255\blue255;\red242\green242\blue242;
\red117\green117\blue117;\red131\green131\blue131;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;\cssrgb\c0\c39216\c56471;\cssrgb\c100000\c100000\c100000;\cssrgb\c96078\c96078\c96078;
\cssrgb\c53333\c53333\c53333;\cssrgb\c58431\c58431\c58431;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww10800\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab720

\itap1\trowd \taflags0 \trgaph108\trleft-108 \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrl\brdrnil \trbrdrt\brdrnil \trbrdrr\brdrnil 
\clvertalc \clcbpat4 \clwWidth10400\clftsWidth3 \clmart10 \clmarl10 \clmarb10 \clmarr10 \clbrdrt\brdrnil \clbrdrl\brdrnil \clbrdrb\brdrnil \clbrdrr\brdrnil \clpadt800 \clpadl800 \clpadb800 \clpadr800 \gaph\cellx8640
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs24 \cf2 \cb3 \expnd0\expndtw0\kerning0
Legal Stuff: 
\b0 \cf5 Domino's Piece of the Pie Rewards\'ae is open only to US residents 13+ with a Pizza Profile account who order from participating Domino's locations. Point redemption only valid online at participating locations in the US. 
\b Limit:
\b0  one order of $10 or more (excludes tip and donations) per calendar day can earn points. For complete details visit {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.your.offers.dominos.com/r/?id=hcd81440e,2a162aed,2a174af8&cid=pDM1309382&bid=-847166450&p1=?utm_source=Rewards&utm_medium=EMAIL&utm_campaign=NAT&utm_agy=HS2&utm_content=AC210111,HTML,undefined,SegF,9174,pDM1309382&redirect=rewards&offercode=&treatment=&segment=&storenumber=&fcode=&headline=Nat_Redesign_v3"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 dominos.com/rewards}}.\cb1 \
\
\cb3 Any delivery charge is not a tip paid to your driver. Please reward your driver for awesomeness. Drivers carry less than $20. You must ask for this limited time offer. Minimum purchase required for delivery. Delivery charge and tax may apply. Prices, participation, delivery area and charges may vary. Prices and coupons may vary in Alaska and Hawaii. Store hours may vary. Returned checks, along with the state's maximum allowable returned check fee, may be electronically presented to your bank. \'a92021 Domino\'92s IP Holder LLC. Domino\'92s\'ae, Domino\'92s Pizza\'ae and the modular logo are registered trademarks of Domino\'92s IP\'a0Holder\'a0LLC.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 Domino's email coupons are linked directly to your nearest Domino\'92s store. If you have moved or would like to receive email coupons from a different store, please visit our {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.your.offers.dominos.com/r/?id=hcd81440e,2a162aed,2a174af9&cid=pDM1309382&bid=-847166450&p1=?utm_source=OptIn&utm_medium=EMAIL&utm_campaign=NAT&utm_agy=HS2&utm_content=AC210111,HTML,undefined,SegF,9174,pDM1309382&offercode=&treatment=&segment=&storenumber=&fcode=&headline=Nat_Redesign_v3"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 Email & Text Offers page}}. Simply enter the new street address and the same email address you used to subscribe to Domino's emails, then click\'a0'SIGN\'a0ME\'a0UP.'\
\cb1 \
\cb3 Outside the U.S. and would like to unsubscribe? Please {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.your.offers.dominos.com/r/?id=hcd81440e,2a162aed,2a174afb&cid=pDM1309382&bid=-847166450"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 click\'a0here}}.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 To unsubscribe within the U.S., please\'a0{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.your.offers.dominos.com/r/?id=hcd81440e,2a162aed,2a174afc&cid=pDM1309382&bid=-847166450&p1=?utm_source=OptOut&utm_medium=EMAIL&utm_campaign=NAT&utm_agy=HS2&utm_content=AC210111,HTML,undefined,SegF,9174,pDM1309382&offercode=&treatment=&segment=&storenumber=&fcode=&headline=Nat_Redesign_v3"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 click\'a0here}}.\
\cb1 \
\cb3 This message was sent to {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.your.offers.dominos.com/r/?id=hcd81440e,2a162aed,2a174afd&cid=pDM1309382&bid=-847166450&p1=?utm_source=OptOut&utm_medium=EMAIL&utm_campaign=NAT&utm_agy=HS2&utm_content=AC210111,HTML,undefined,SegF,9174,pDM1309382&offercode=&treatment=&segment=&storenumber=&fcode=&headline=Nat_Redesign_v3"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 anthonyww@outlook.com}}\cf6 \
\cf5 \cb1 \
\cb3 Domino's Pizza LLC \cb1 \
\cb3 30 Frank Lloyd Wright Dr. \cb1 \
\cb3 Ann Arbor, MI 48106\
\cb1 \
\cb3 Questions? Contact Domino's {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.your.offers.dominos.com/r/?id=hcd81440e,2a162aed,2a174afe&cid=pDM1309382&bid=-847166450"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 Customer Service}}.\
\cb1 \
\pard\intbl\itap1\pardeftab720\partightenfactor0
{\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "http://t.your.offers.dominos.com/r/?id=hcd81440e,2a162aed,2a174af4&cid=pDM1309382&bid=-847166450&p1=%40aOHs07pzG0Cin5lTdZVMFHnBaspu7eqgiv9i%2BY6jfFU%3D"}}{\fldrslt \cf6 \cb3 View in browser}}\cell \lastrow\row
}